Know it's timed out we create the product listing page so that we can list all the products that we
have in our repository.
So for doing that as you'll remember from our previous videos we have said we're going to be referencing
slash products as the path for our products listing page.
So to start off with it I'm going to first create the web page for our products list thing.
And for that I'm going to go to my temples folder and create the products.
A simple file within that 20:00 file.
I'll start off at the time we've ex-MIL namespace for that.
Again I'm going to use XML namespace.
TH And then I'm going to say HTP slash slash WW time we've got Oracle in the hat again.
I'm going to provide the page language as English and as you remember from the previous videos we don't
need Diomed attack here because we have it on other pages that we reference from this page.
So for that I'm going to provide the title as products and to include our header within our products
listening page.
I'm going to provide a PH block.
But in that blog I'm going to use th include and that includes is going to be calling my header.
All right.
Now let's move on to our body part and start actually developing our Web page in our body.
I'm going to first create a division and the class for that division is going to be container in that
division I'm going to say I'll be having a product's objects that is going to be a list of products.
So before I even display this table in the UI I first have to check it with the th if statement and
use some special elements of time leave.
So for doing that I'll say th f and then I'm going to provide my statement and that statement is going
to be like dollar and not so the West's got is empty is going to be products object.
So in this statement I'm checking if the products that I receive from the request mapping the controller
is empty if that's empty.
Dan I'm completely avoiding this thing with display in the UI.
So let's assume that we have our products received from our backend and then we'll start by and to tack
in that a stack.
I'm going to say all products
right below that.
All products header.
I'm going to say I'll have a table and that table is going to be classed as table and table Dasch striped
destroyed glass is going to provide a nice way as the strifes around my table.
So for my table I'm going to be providing some table rows within that table rows.
I'm going to be providing my table headers first table header that I'm going to provide as the ID and
after that I'm going to provide my product name and the next up as the description.
After that I'm going to provide the type of my product
and the next one is category
and then I have my prize as the final part of my table.
So now I can actually move on to the data on my table.
So for doing that I'm going to create another table row and within that table row I'm going to iterate
through all the products that I have from my repository or from my control or so forth that I'm going
to use the iterator of time sleep and which is th's each within that teach each.
This is like the for statement in Jalla.
So you can write a natural query for your loop strategy.
So for our purpose I'm going to say each product in
products that I'm going to receive from my controller and then I'm going to say table data is going
to be th text and that text is going to be dollar
product and ID
after that I'm going to be providing my other table data which is product name.
So for that I'm going to use product that name.
All right for of course the naming of that I'm going to be providing ID for the first field and for
the second field I'm going to say this is the name pre-lit for the third one I'm going to say Gawler
and product that description
and of course this is going to be fallback if we can't what is the product.
And after that I'm going to be providing the type of my product.
So for saying that I'm going to use product
dot type
and for the fallback I'm going to say this is the type and 4-D category.
I'm going to say dollar and product got category
and for the last one I'm going to be providing the private data of my products.
So for doing that I'm going to say product got price
for the full back I'm going to say this is price.
And one of all that is category.
All right.
We're almost finished with our table but before we move on to checking it out in UI we first have to
create our controller for it.
To create our controller I'm going to move on to my controller class and there I'm going to create a
new request mapping that request mapping.
I'm going to be returning all products.
So my method is going to be get all products and within my method I'm going to be taking a model so
that I can return it back to you why with all the products that I have from my repository so to say
I'll say model that attribute and then I'm going to name this attribute as products and then I'm going
to my product repository and I'll say find all.
Simple as that.
And then I'm going to be returning my products page.
So I'll say return products.
Simple as that.
So that's also at the request mapping for this controller.
And I'm going to say that there's going to be slash products and the method that I'm going to use for
this method is going to be yet.
All right.
We're now ready to test our products listing page.
So for doing that I'll first restart our application
Our application is starting up now.
And here we go.
Let's go to our browser and check it out for.
I'm opening up the Firefox and I'll refresh my application.
Here we go.
So now if we click our products button right now our navigation here we go.
We now all the products that we have in our eyeballs literalistic right here with the ID field with
the name description type category and a price just as we expect it.
We're now finished with the product listing page ovine application.
In the next video we're going to be taking a look at updating our product and actually implementing
it.
So I'll see in the next video.